h1. MSProject-Basecamp-Sync

This project is a Visual Basic module that I wrote for MSProject to send task and 
milestone information to Basecamp. Basecamp is an awesome project management system
made by 37signals - http://www.basecamphq.com

h1. Overview

After installation (see below) the macro will perform the following sequence of events:

1. Each milestone in the projected is synced. The milestone name, deadline and responsible party are sent to Basecamp. A todo list is created for each milestone.
1. Then each task for the milestone 

h1. Installation

h2. Importing the class file

You need to import the class file into each MSProject file you want to sync.

1. Download the MSProject-Basecamp-Sync.cls file from github.
1. Open your MSProject file
1. Click on the Tools -> Macro -> Visual Basic Editor menu or press Alt+F11
1. From the Visual Basic editor window, click on the File -> Import File ... menu or press Ctrl+M
1. Select the MSProject-Basecamp-Sync.cls file and click Open
1. A new folder called "Class Modules" will appear. Expand the folder and double-click the MSProject-Basecamp-Sync icon
1. At the top of the file you need to edit the SERVER_URL, API_KEY and PROJECT_NAME constants.
1. The PROJECT_NAME constant must match exactly the name if the project in Basecamp.
1. After you have edited the constants you can click the Save icon and close the Visual Basic Editor.

h2. Adding a button to you MSProject toolbar

You only need to do this once and a button will be available for all your projects.

1. Click on the Tools -> Customize -> Toolbars ... menu
1. Click on the New.. button, enter BasecampSync for the Toolbar name and click OK
1. An empty toolbar will appear next to the dialog box.
1. Then select the Commands tab, choose All Macros from the categories list.
1. Click and drag the <project name>!BasecampSync command to the new toolbar.
1. Right click on the new button in the toolbar and select Assign Macro ...
1. Change the Command to 'Macro "BasecampSync"' then click OK
1. Now you can click a drag the new toolbar and dock it where ever you want



